Add Clarification for Enabling SSH on MacOS (#1663)
gordon-cs/gordon-360-ui: docs/Developer's Guide.md

   [Ubuntu Installation](ubuntu.com/server/docs/service-openssh)

   MacOS & other Linux distributions should already have an SSH server installed.
   

>    On MacOS, you may have to enable the SSH server in System Preferences. Follow [these instructions](https://osxdaily.com/2022/07/08/turn-on-ssh-mac/) to do so.

Reviewer: I appreciate you clarifying these instructions, but the linked article gives incorrect instructions.

As of MacOS Ventura, the `Remote Login` option is under `General` > `Sharing` > `Remote Login`, whereas the article says to go to `General` > `General`> `Remote Login`, which is confusing.

I also don't like the idea of relying on third-party websites for documentation unless it is the third-party that controls the thing they're documenting.

Apple has documentation on enabling Remote Login here: https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/allow-a-remote-computer-to-access-your-mac-mchlp1066/mac

Author: Ah thanks. I couldn't test. 
```suggestion
   On MacOS, you may have to enable the SSH server in System Preferences. Follow [these instructions](https://support.apple.com/lt-lt/guide/mac-help/mchlp1066/mac) to do so.
```

Reviewer: Hmm, somehow you linked to the Lithuanian version of the docs (note the `lt-lt` in the URL). The direct (locale-agnostic) link is: https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/allow-a-remote-computer-to-access-your-mac-mchlp1066/mac

>    On MacOS, you may have to enable the SSH server in System Preferences. Follow [these instructions](https://support.apple.com/lt-lt/guide/mac-help/mchlp1066/mac) to do so.

Author: ```suggestion
   On MacOS, you may have to enable the SSH server in System Preferences. Follow [these instructions](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/allow-a-remote-computer-to-access-your-mac-mchlp1066/mac) to do so.
```
